Everything was going fine in my marriage
—or so I thought.
My ex-husband was disfellowshipped,
left home
and, in less than a month,
we divorced.
Right after the divorce,
I had to figure out
how I would provide for the girls,
so I began working as a cleaner.
I also had to provide for them spiritually.
But many times,
because of discouragement and tiredness,
I couldn’t be there for them
as much as they needed me to be.
Besides all of this,
I also had to deal
with very negative feelings.
It was a very difficult time in my life.
I had never been so sick.
I couldn’t even get up to go to the hospital.
To cope with this problem,
I just kept praying.
I was not able to walk,
and I was not able to get to the meetings.
The elders realized
that I was missing from the meetings.
The elders quickly came to my aid.
I remember that one of the things
that touched me the most
was when the elders read a scripture.
Psalm 139:3:
“You observe me when I travel
and when I lie down;
you are familiar with all my ways.”
I realized that I am precious to Jehovah.
It was as if Jehovah was healing me.
I now knew that Jehovah
was interested in me
and that he was looking after me.
He was making sure that I knew it.
Something else that I remember fondly
was after a meeting at the Kingdom Hall.
One of the elders gave me
some scriptures to read at home
and said that if we needed any help,
the elders were there for us.
Two elders lovingly came to see me,
because Jehovah uses them as shepherds.
I live very far from the Kingdom Hall.
But the brothers made the sacrifice
to get public transport,
get off at the main road,
and from there they walked 40 minutes
to reach my house.
I don’t know what I would have done.
When the elders arrived,
they listened to me,
they cried with me,
and they read the Bible with me.
Jehovah loves me.
When I started to feel better,
I went back to the group.
I was really happy
to be back with my brothers.
Now, after all the help we have received,
we are doing well.
The congregation is our second home,
and we feel very good there.
Everything I have today,
I owe to the brothers and sisters,
especially the elders.
I see shepherding calls
as a very evident way
in which Jehovah demonstrates
his full love for us.
I understand that at times
these visits might be
a challenge for the elders,
but the results are really good.
Without a doubt,
they can see that all the work
and all the effort is worthwhile.
I will never forget the help
that I received from the elders.
This situation taught me that Jehovah
will not let his sheep get lost,
not even one.
Jeremiah 23:4 says:
“‘And I will raise up over them shepherds
“‘who will really shepherd them.
“‘They will no longer be afraid or be terrified,
and none will be missing,’ declares Jehovah.”